Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/widgets/monitor_summary.md

---
title: Monitor Summary Widget
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/screenboard/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Screenboard"
---

> Monitor summary is a summary view of all monitors on your system, or a subset based on a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitor summary widget provides a summary view of all monitors on your system, or a subset based on a query.
```

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/monitor_summary/monitor_summary.png" alt="monitor summary " responsive="true">}}

## Setup

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/monitor_summary/monitor_summary_setup.png" alt="monitor summary setup" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

### Configuration

1. Enter a [monitor query][1] to display the monitor summary widget over a subset of your monitors.

> 2. Chose to display only the `count` of monitor per monitor status type, or the full `list` of monitors, or `both`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose to display only the `count` of monitors per monitor status type, the full `list` of monitors, or `both`.
```
